
List of changes that are based on the 7 Years to DIE Survivor mod.



Added small chance of feral day spawns (5%).
Added small chance of radiated night spawns (5%).
Added zombie variety in the snow biome.
Increased zombies spawns during horde nights (+20%).
Added recipes to dismantle regular ammo.
Increased zombie loot despawn time by 10 mins.
Doubled animal corpse despawn time from 5 to 10 minutes.
Lowered gas in loot and harvest.
Lowered harvest on animals by 25%.
Increased entity health by 20%.
Lowered ammo in loot.
Increased Tier 2 tool/weapon damage by 20% (excludes sledge and fists).
Nerfed snowberry farming.
Increased vending machine prices to 200%.
Corn bread/cob and baked potato unlocked.
Lowered quest reward quantity by 1/3.
Bullet proof glass repairs with broken glass.
Added painkiller to First Aid kit x2, First Aid kit cures concussion.
Lowered huntsman perk to 1 rank.
Due to armour bug in A19, I've lowered Penetrator perk to 3 ranks, removing the useless rank 1.
Added diamond blade trap. Lasts 2.4x longer, deals 20% more dmg.
Buffed serrated blade, 100% bleed chance.
Chainsaw can use serrated blade.
Machete can use weighted head.
Reenabled Blessed Metal mod, rare loot, increases base damage to zombies by 15%.
Increased stack size of cobble/concrete to 1200.
Added bucket of water to concrete mix recipe (300).
Added starting Primitive Quality 4 weapon and 1 related perk point from love letter.
Lowered most common loot containers to spawn 1 loot.
Lowered grass spawned in world by 70%.
Lowered chance of corn harvest from wild crop (75% chance of getting 1 corn).
Lowered loot chance on acid and sewing kits by 25%.
Lowered harvest book bonus for honey and acid by 25%.
Lowered harvest of cobble, cement, bricks by 25%.
Lowered harvest on mining resources and trees by 25%.
Lowered chance of rare resources, mech parts, electric parts, engines, batteries by 20%.
Rebalanced quest rewards so they aren't so over powered.
Bird nests respawn after 15 real hours.
Added super corn meal and bread, added to tier 4 recipe ingredients.
Lower casino coin rewards from quests by 25%.
Doubled casino coin bonus from daring adventurer.
Removed challenge notes from loot.
Lowered wild crops in the world by approx 33%. aloe, yucca, cotton, chrysanthemum, snowberry.
Increased stick chance for iron arrows/bolts and steel arrows/bolts.
Increased impact damage for flaming arrows/bolts.
Increased explosion damage for explosive arrows/bolts.
Increased inventory size to 50 slots, added 1 extra crafting queue slot.
Lowered starting carry from 27 to 20.
Pack mule has 5 ranks again, each rank gives 5 carry.
Vending machines restock monthly instead of weekly.
Increased container size of gun safe and hardened chest, added hardened chest recipe.
Get 1 less weapon/tool part from scrapping.
Added a second seat for the motorcycle and gyrocopter.
Slightly increased storage size of vehicles.
Removed caged boar spawns in Grace's mansion.